[NFC] Clean-up some old workarounds in sampler, simplify some code, and add error checking (#1202)
netket/netket: docs/docs/drivers.md

# The Drivers API

In this section we will briefly describe the capabilities of the drivers API.

> This page assumes that you have already read and are familiar witht the [Variational State interface](varstate).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page assumes that you have already read and are familiar with the [`VariationalState` interface](varstate).
```
